>> This week on Gaia.
On "Open Minds" with
Regina Meredith--
>>MATIAS DE STEFANO: So
we have all the emotions
that our ancestors
and our previous lives
have been feeling.
Through emotions,
we can awaken what
was happening in that time.
>> On "Beyond Belief"
with George Noory--
>>DEBRA SILVERMAN: So
the part of your life
that shows up with your
personality and uniquely
to you is dependent on the
chart and how that shows up.
And that's where it
gets really interesting.
>> On "Cosmic Disclosure--"
>>DUANE OLLINGER: The
portals are always moving.
Those computers
can chase it down.
And he always talked that it's
nothing to go several light
years away, but it
just takes longer
to get in and out of them.
>> On a new "Into the
Vortex" with Jimmy Church--
>>BILLY CARSON: I
think it has a lot
to do with the divine feminine.
There's such a feminine energy
there that kind of really
gives you a certain
level of balance.
>> New series--
>> Somewhere beneath
the plateau at Giza,
beneath the Great Pyramid,
beneath the Great Sphinx is
some kind of secret chamber
with, quite literally,
the secrets of the universe
contained within it.
>> New series--
>> Let's find the spark, that
glimmer of the small voice.
>> New series--
>> Imagine a place where
everyone, everywhere,
every dimension,
everything is connected to.
>>BASHAR: Your true
nature is nonphysical.
We'll say spirit, if you
wish to use that word.
>> There is a
higher self, a soul.
And it's driving you.
>> Only on Gaia.